and we're back live for the final demo
of the day GameSpot editor Maxwell McGee
joining us on stage Maxwell
thank you for coming and bring in your
fancy little fight I got my big old
honkin fight stick here and we're gonna
bust out some Street Fighter some Street
Fighter we're gonna fight some streets I
am really looking forward to this Street
on Street combat specifically it says
here Super Street Fighter 4 arcaded do
you got all the words in their super
arcade edition all 6 of them and that's
a lot of things what what is the deal
with our so arcade edition it's the it's
a new update for Super Street Fighter 4
it adds four new characters as well as
sort of tweaks the the replay channel a
little bit and rebalances the game
rebalance rebalances the game not that's
not to say that it's more balanced just
a different battle it's just balanced
differently all right well as we hop
into a game here balance is a huge deal
for fighting games is this I mean is
this like a mandatory update thing or is
this a the balancing or is it like you
well know this and you play the arcade
edition well the way it works is that
once you have once you have arcade
edition you can you can choose to play
either regular Super Street Fighter 4
and use its balance set which is a
little more projectile heavy I would say
there's a little bit more of a zoning
game there or you can play the arcade
edition version which is a little more
focused towards rushdown characters
getting up in people's faces lots of
high damage melee combos things like
that
Wow so pretty significant difference yes
very much so
alright so but the good thing is the
care yeah yeah characters here so we've
got youn and yang which were two very
popular characters back in Street
Fighter 3 third strike ok as well as
evil Ryu who I'm pretty sure as appeared
in some Street Fighter games in the past
he does look and a newcomer Oni who
looks like he belongs in an episode of
Dragon Ball Z and not so much in my
Street Fighter game but there's have the
Super Saiyan hair he does very much so
so I'm gonna start out with you and here
I'm gonna pick get them all set up here
and I'm gonna go up against owning up
against Oni and we'll pick his second
one there cuz if he lands it on me it
has a nice little video that we can
watch full of explosions and colors of
that sounds fun
no new stages the
unfortunately but uh not yet okay I'm
sure I'm sure deep in the bowels Capcom
there they're working on something new
very cue baiting they're incubating for
super street fighter for ultra arcade
edition they're warriors abs with an
extreme but there's like a capital X in
the middle of it in the okay yeah yeah
Triple X that's a different thing so
here we go we're loading up here it
takes a little while on this system but
I've played it at home and it doesn't
take didn't you play D are you a fight
stick man all the way I am a fighter I
ever since I started here at a game spot
I've been I've been playing with the
stick more and more I used to be a poor
controller scrub but now I have I've
seen the light so here we go I'm playing
as youn I'm and so this made this is
just between you and me and all that
Chris but I am actually quite terrible
at Street Fighter but gosh darnit I I I
have this heart as well I have heart and
Oni has uppercuts and like you said you
know if you know what comes to worse
just let only do that like attack on you
that looks really cool so you and right
there I just did right before I got
steamrolled I did his dive kick which is
like the bread and butter of his game
you can dive kick in it comes out quick
he can use a really close range to put a
lot of pressure on players and he can
combo out of it really quickly really
easily into a lot of different cool and
that seems like it plays more into the
the rebalance you were talking about
that it's better for rush down fighters
yes better for us down another thing so
like I was saying how it's a little more
rebalance progressed down unioning in
particularly they have a lot of options
for getting through projectiles and
fireballs like I've got this push here
data oh here you go I'm over it I just
let him do this boom that push I can use
that to actually just push fireballs out
of the position so fireball if I time it
right and a fireballs out to me I can
just give it the hand shut it down
that's that seems pretty handy although
you know you gotta get the timing that's
you gotta get also avoid getting totally
super bio just I know I'm using right
now I'm using the CATIA patented massive
buttons especially for kicking button
dude mondo super here we go I'm a
shoutin ultra here oh and it connected
what's up only you weren't even trying
way to go here we go I just punched his
guts out of his body uh you know this is
super Street this isn't in Mortal Kombat
all right there sister yeah no there's
something strewn about the stage we
don't yeah we don't do those types of
table but you are you're in what is it
you're in like a distillery I'm in a
historic distillery okay all right yeah
let's go ahead I'm gonna go ahead and
just go back characters life here we've
seen enough yeah give me some evil Ryu
we gotta see some evil Ryu is he he's
dead he's a crook he's made some bad
life choices mm-hmm he's perhaps on the
wrong side of the tracks I mean have you
looked at his face dude he's just like I
strayed from the the righteous path
that's like evil and all that it becomes
and now he looks so sour with this giant
sharp teeth so I'm gonna go ahead pick
Reed and we'll go ahead and throw yang
in now his incisors are I know they're
rollin out of there and yeah yeah and
wait we got to get a shot at Yang's hair
coming up here cuz it's also pretty
incredible really Oh welcome to the
training stage thanks a lot game well
you know all the better to appreciate
Yang's hair really put the focus right
there on this baby bang your hair good
do do you think you could get that going
it would look really raw Mike here maybe
shoot it straight up I don't know if my
bangs like he's got all sorts of just
bangs going everywhere and he has no
hair in the back of his head it's like
all shit so maybe if I told all this
hair out stuck it all on the front then
we could do that it's got business in
the back party up front that's right
very much so
look at that wow it's beautiful okay so
here I'm playing as evil Ryu evil Ryu I
like the big of him the sort of a
combination of Akuma and the old Ryu
he's got a couple of Akuma strict and
his really low health which isn't so
much of a bonus but you know whatever
he's also got this wonderful out well
never mind he's got a wonderful they can
get punched in that is great for
punishing people who like to block low
all the time or right though I finally
got that that was vigorous so yang Yang
isn't quite I would say I haven't messed
around too much with union yang yet but
from what I've seen yang is a little bit
more of a technical character than you
you can kind of roll in mash out a bunch
of high damage combos and jump out
repeat yang has a couple more options
just for like moving around the
battlefield for for getting around
projectiles so the four characters you
know introduced introduced here are they
you know they're different from each
other are they giving you some
substantial new stuff to play with here
in Arcata
most definitely especially with Union
game cuz Union young are pretty
different from any of the other
characters we've seen so far
in in Street Fighter 4 in Super Street
Fighter 4 evil Ryu and owning are kind
but I mean they're pretty similar to the
other the other Shoto characters out
there like the regular Ryu and Ken and
all of them cool